hello, good morning
we are going to do a tour of our website
doctor of Metline to begin this
our page of start what
we will explain a continuation but to
start here in See have different
styles what can adopt our page
to become further accessible and help
a those people what have some
a esas personas que tengan ciertos
problems a the time
problemas a la hora
from view this page webcop by
example have he style principal what
ejemplo tenemos el estilo principal que
is he what we see at the moment way evening
es el que vemos actualmente modo noche
high contrast a of and text with mayor
alto contraste uno de un texto con mayor
size and is what mix he of high
contrast with and text of mayor size
by example and we tested is we see what
por ejemplo si probamos este vemos que
the funds son of others colors further
eye-catching and have a letter of mayor
llamativos y tenemos una letra de mayor
size returning a our style
principal let's go a explain our
principal vamos a explicar nuestra
page here have to look for in the
encyclopedia where have
enciclopedia donde tenemos
certain spaces what we can fill out
ciertos espacios que podemos rellenar
to do a search here have
our route of oil and gas of pan a through of
the which and we click in start we can
la cual si clicamos en inicio podemos
return a the page of start other form
to look for diseases son with the
para buscar enfermedades son con las
letters what we can see here a
continuation what by example and we press
in the A us dice of the diseases
en la A nos dice dos enfermedades
associated a this letter as by example
asociadas a esta letra como por ejemplo
the Alzheimer and here have information
respect a this disease and and we do
respecto a esta enfermedad y si hacemos
click on he logo we return a our
clic sobre el logo volvemos a nuestra
page of start and let's go a a page
that no has associated none letter
que no tiene asociada ninguna letra
none disease sorry as by
example can to be the Q us carry this
ejemplo puede ser la Q nos lleva esta
page of error and we can return a
our page of start clicking here
here have articles on certain
diseases as can to be the celiac disease
where this image is and map interactive
donde esta imagen es un mapa interactivo
of what depends of the area where let's press
ya que depende de la zona donde pulsemos
us will take some articles in others
related with the area in the what
relacionados con la zona en la que
we have
hayamos
selected equal other article on
the disease of the Parkinson here we can
access a others articles with mayor
information here data curious and here
links useful
a a certain pages a the what we have
done reference in our web as by
hecho referencia en nuestra web como por
example the the Organization World of the
Health here we can see documents
electronics of form accessible and no
inaccessible both in format PDF as
inaccesible tanto en formato PDF como
Word to see is differences and all
Word para ver estas diferencias y todo
the what we have made possible to improve
lo que hemos hecho posible para mejorar
the accessibility of this page
web here have a board with the
diseases further common of Spain in he
year 2024
and here some questionnaires and some
forms to contact with us
formularios para contactar con nosotros
here in he footer as we can see
we have and map of the place
tenemos un mapa del sitio
web where us son links direct a
web donde nos son enlaces directos a
ours
nuestras
pages and we can find he of the
page he link toward the page of
accessibility where we can see the
accesibilidad donde podemos ver la
statement of accessibility all the
features what we have implemented
to what sea further easy to certain
people what have different
personas que tengan diferentes
difficulties as can to be the what of
dificultades como puede ser las que ya
we have explained the different styles
hemos explicado los diferentes estilos
the compatibility with formats
la compatibilidad con formatos
accessible what son the documents what of
accesibles que son los documentos que ya
we have saying
hemos dicho
previously
anteriormente
and further things what are explained in this
page let's wait what is little tour
the this served of aid